[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7-minute
marketing with Pam my name is Pam
dinners I love sharing a little dose of
me to be digital content marketing and
sales enablement seven minutes at a time
Joanne asked me for some quick and easy
sales enablement tricks that marketers
can implement right away well this is
such a basic question but there is no
quick answer the answer is it really
depends it depends on your marketing
jobs and your interactions with sales
team your roles and responsibilities
will die how you support your sales team
period the best way to start is to have
a clear understanding how you support
them and find ways to optimize the
process say if you are an event manager
you're probably coordinated with your
sales team on how to divine concur on
the show floor and you know those
people's challenges are to gather as
many leads as possible so to better
support them is your job to come up with
creative ideas to draw the crowd to your
booth so what can you do to drive more
foot traffic to the booth understand how
you can support your sales team and find
the way to do it better
another way to better support them is to
understand your challenges obviously we
can do the jobs for them but it's
possible to understand your sales
process and the methodology get a sense
what they do on daily basis even what
kind of rejection they receive how do
they move prospects through the sales
journey this is very similar to
understanding buyers personas to market
better you need to understand your
audience to support your sales team
better you need to walk in their shoes
once you have that understanding you can
pinpoint the specific challenges and
means that you can help alleviate or
satisfy based on your roles and
responsibilities for instance if you are
conta marketing manager you can identify
some content pieces that sales can use
or customize the pieces that you think
is relevant to them for sales engagement
here are some ideas that you can think
about joining
to implement to help support your sales
team can you find a joint initiative
that sells a marketing can work together
for example can both of them tackle a
strategic account together account based
marketing is a great way for them to
collaborate another quick and easy way
is to attend sales meetings most sales
team have weekly Huddle's can you attend
the weekly calls and understand the
current status of a sales team's efforts
I often discover useful information
attending these calls from time to time
I'll practically ask them if I can
present and share upcoming content role
map editorial plans marketing plan and
the priorities I help them understand
what marketing is doing to build
awareness and drive demands on their
behalf here's one more idea what about
training sales on social media marketing
tends to be on the forefront of adopting
digital can you share do's and don'ts on
social media you can also share what
tools to use to understand prospects
better so Joanne to answer your question
it's important to start by knowing your
roles and responsibilities well then
make an effort to understand their
challenges and needs
lastly pinpointed challenges and means
that you can assist with based on your
roles and responsibilities by
understanding your roles and your
challenges you can determine what you
can best provide value the bottom line
is there is no quick and easy way to
support them it takes time and effort to
do it right and there is no shortcut
again semia marketing questions or
thoughts via Twitter at Camden Earth
keep hustling my friends you've got this
[Music]